chore: move web-speech-api into dom-examples (#113)
mdn/dom-examples: web-speech-api/README.md

# web-speech-api

> A repository for demos illustrating features of the Web Speech API. See [Web_Speech_API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Speech_API) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code for demos illustrating features of the Web Speech API. See [Web_Speech_API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Speech_API) for more details.
```
